## Color Blindness Assistant changelogs

**These change logs are only valid for the version of the xlet hosted on [its original repository](https://gitlab.com/Odyseus/CinnamonTools).**

***

**Date:** Sun, 13 Mar 2022 04:00:07 -0300<br/>
**Commit:** [db480ea](https://gitlab.com/Odyseus/CinnamonTools/commit/db480ea)<br/>
**Author:** Odyseus<br/>

- Fixed Daltonizer and Color Inspector keybindings broken due to *"a typo"*.
- Fixed Color Inspector UI not displaying correctly due to some experiments left in place of the functional code that was commented out.

***

**Date:** Sat, 12 Mar 2022 22:55:43 -0300<br/>
**Commit:** [d06f6b5](https://gitlab.com/Odyseus/CinnamonTools/commit/d06f6b5)<br/>
**Author:** Odyseus<br/>

#### Warning

- Complete re-write.
- New settings not compatible with older versions of this xlet.

#### General changes

- Better organization of xlets files (in their "raw" form and when they are built):
    - JavaScript modules into their own sub-folder **js_modules**. See **config.py** changes.
    - Python modules were already in their own sub-folder(**python_modules**). See **config.py** changes.
    - In the root folder of an xlet only the applet.js/extension.js files and Python scripts that are meant to be executed.
    - All configuration files and/or auto-generated data goes into the **__data__** folder inside an xlet root folder.
    - No need for any file to be prefixed with `z_` anymore since they don't reside inside an xlet root folder anymore.
- Execution permission changes. See **config.py** changes.
- **config.py** files changes:
    - Implemented the use of YAML files for configuration files. This file is now named **config.yaml**.
    - Implemented `set_executable` setting. An array of file paths to files relative to an xlet root folder to set as executables instead of setting as executable all files with a specific file extension.
    - Implemented `python_modules` and `javascript_modules` settings. An array of file/folder paths relative to **REPO_FOLDER/__app__/data/{python_modules|javascript_modules}** to be copied into **XLET_ROOT_FOLDER/{python_modules|js_modules}**. These settings complement the `extra_files` setting.
- Removed starting zeros from all xlets slugs (their folder names). I started naming them like so for convenience, but I found more problems than is worth (Python module names can't start with a number, Gtk application IDs cannot start with a number, etc.).

#### New features and other changes

- Improved color inspector UI.
    - Added HSL color format. This color format was already generated by the NameThatColor library, I just make use of it.
    - Now what is copied to the clipboard when closing the assistant by left/right mouse click can be configured. From a summary to an specific color format or name.
    - The notification can now be disabled.
    - Color capturing/detection can now be paused to be able to interact with the assistant.
    - Each color format displayed in the assistant can now be clicked on to copy its value to the clipboard.
    - All color formats visibility can be toggled.
- Improved daltonizer UI.
    - The daltonizer size always bothered me, so now it has a compact mode in which all buttons have acronyms for labels. All elements have an extra CSS class called `compact` to allow separated CSS styling.

***
